---
slug: "/2026-spring-start"
date: "2026-02-06"
title: "The Rising of a New Dawn at OSC"
author: ["Nicolas Valiente"]
featuredImage: ../images/blog/2026-02-06-spring-start.png
subtitle: GBM and Pitch Day broke the internet
---

It's the start of the spring semester, and OSC has yet again broken all records. We were glad to welcome the hundreds of attendees to our first GBM, breaking the Guinness World Record for largest gathering of bright minds held unbroken since 1993! 

To those who were unable to make it, I come as a messenger for what was missed. Many who attended can attest to these words: GBM and Pitch Day were days never to be forgotten. From the getgo, GBM was packed with the thousands of attendees from all around the world. We had some of the regulars there: Linus Torvalds, Linus Tech Tips, Linus Gerdemann, and many more Linuses. There was also free food, which was pretty neat. Shoutout Dave.

But, no matter how legendary GBM was, Pitch Day came to surpass all expectations. Since the early dawn of OSC, pitch days were always significant in the computing world. The greatest minds, all gathered together under the banner of open-source, come up to the stage to present the next possible Google. Or Facebook. Or Meta. Or Linux or whatever. These legendary pitches, made by legends in the community, were all fantastic. From a game anthology to animal caretaking awareness, they sought to improve the lives of people while having fun doing so. After weeks of voting and debating and occasional boxing matches, the votes were final. The new projects of the semester are...

## Gamebites and Sketchpad!!!

Gamebytes aims to recreate the classic gameboy console with modern technology. Specifically the web, because why limit such novelty to be an executable when people around the world of all ages could just click a link and become enlightened?

Remember the DS-era of art and animation? Maybe you've said to yourself, "Let's go gambling!" Sketchpad aims to bring that to new life through the Godot Engine, which is open-source! Making an open-source project with an open-source tool? That's a whole lot of open-source in my open-source club.

Thank you to everyone who attended, and everyone who will attend this semester. OSC, since the dawn of its birth, has always involved incredible people. It is great to see the level of passion that comes with every pitch at Pitch Day, and it is because of those who pitched their ideas that truly brings value to OSC. 

Thank you to everyone who attended, and everyone who will attend this semester. OSC, since the dawn of its birth, has always been blessed with incredible people. Every pitch made at Pitch Day oozed with passion and enthusiasm. Here's to another great semester, and let's get that money (LGTM).

